add note to cicd docs and change quotes to notes in console docs (#206)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/intro/console/ci-cd-integration-assistant.md

- /docs/intro/console/extensions/ci-cd-integration-assistant/
---

{{% notes "info" %}}
The CI/CD integration assistant helps you integrate Pulumi into CI/CD systems for automatically deploying stacks and is only available

> on [Organizations](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/console/organizations/), not personal accounts.

Author: it seems as though notes do not support links, I've opened #207

Reviewer: @susanev How do you mean? I see this link in the preview:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/274700/117498643-ee854580-af2e-11eb-8e17-39c5b09d8ee0.png)

Specifically it's the wrapping of the `notes` shortcode with `%`s that makes the Markdown rendering work; that tells Hugo to render the content contained as Markdown.

I feel like I might be misunderstanding, though.

Author: oh man, what the heck was i even doing this morning, thank you!!

> on [Organizations](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/console/organizations/), not personal accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on [Organizations]({{< relref "/docs/intro/console/organizations" >}}), not personal accounts.
```

This might be a convenient option if your team wishes to keep everything related to your Pulumi project on a single service.

{{% notes "info" %}}

> If your identity isn't tied to a VCS service, like SAML or Email, you will still be able to get a customized CI/CD

Reviewer: This wording is awkward, as it sounds like "SAML or Email" are examples of VCS services.

```suggestion
If your identity isn't tied to a VCS service (for example, if you're using SAML or email), you will still be able to get a customized CI/CD
```
